Setting up empty project:
1. npm init -y ===> will set up the default package.json
2. create index.html, index.js, hello-world.js
3. run npm i webpack webpack-cli --save-dev to add webpack and webpack-cli
4. create a webpack.config.js file and add a script in package.json called "build"
"scripts": {
    "test": "echo \"Error: no test specified\" && exit 1",
    "build": "webpack"
  }
5. create minimum configurations in this webpack.config.js file. details on this provided in the file
6. index.html should contain the script generated by webpack (bundle.js)
7. npm run build - we will get an error specifying we need an absolute path, not a relative one, for the output file
8. to fix error at step 7, we need to import a package called "path" into the webpack config file
9. save an image in our src folder
10. create a file called add-image.js - details about the content of this file provided there
11. call the addImage function in the index.js file
12. configure image imports in the webpack config file
13. install file-loader npm i file-loader --save-dev
14. run webpack again npm run build
15. image will not be displayed because the src is only the name of the bundled file, not the path
16. add publicPath to webpack config, and run npm run build again
17. refactor hello-world from function to component, and make it render a button
18. run webpack again in the terminal, and check the browser
19. add styles in our hello-world.css file and import it in the js file
20. add the rule with the loaders in webpack config
21. install loaders npm i style-loader css-loader --save-dev
